Health checks flow (#22393)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-adding-health-checks.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// applications/odc-monitoring-application-health-using-developer-perspective

[id="odc-adding-health-checks"]
= Adding health checks

You can use the *Topology* view to add health checks to your deployed application.

.Procedure
. In the *Topology* view, click on the application node to see the side panel. If the container does not have health checks added to ensure the smooth running of your application, a *Health Checks* notification is displayed with a link to add health checks.
. In the displayed notification, click the *Add Health Checks* link.
. Alternatively, you can also click the *Actions* drop-down list and select *Add Health Checks*. Note that if the container already has health checks, you will see the *Edit Health Checks* option instead of the add option.
. In the *Add Health Checks* form, if you have deployed multiple containers, use the *Container* drop-down list to ensure that the appropriate container is selected.

> . Click the add probe links to add the required health checks. Default data for the health checks is pre-populated. You can add the probes with the default data or further customize the values and then add them. For example, to add a Readiness probe that checks if your container is ready to handle requests:

Reviewer: I believe IBM advises against hyphening prefixes. 
I couldn't find "prepopulate" in their examples but according to quick search "prepopulate" is used more in the books/documentation in general.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// applications/application-health

[id="odc-adding-health-checks"]
= Adding health checks using the Developer perspective

You can use the *Topology* view to add health checks to your deployed application.

.Prerequisites:
* You have switched to the *Developer* perspective in the web console.
* You have created and deployed an application on {product-title} using the *Developer* perspective.

.Procedure
. In the *Topology* view, click on the application node to see the side panel. If the container does not have health checks added to ensure the smooth running of your application, a *Health Checks* notification is displayed with a link to add health checks.
. In the displayed notification, click the *Add Health Checks* link.
. Alternatively, you can also click the *Actions* drop-down list and select *Add Health Checks*. Note that if the container already has health checks, you will see the *Edit Health Checks* option instead of the add option.
. In the *Add Health Checks* form, if you have deployed multiple containers, use the *Container* drop-down list to ensure that the appropriate container is selected.

> . Click the add probe links to add the required health checks. Default data for the health checks is prepopulated. You can add the probes with the default data or further customize the values and then add them. For example, to add a Readiness probe that checks if your container is ready to handle requests:

Reviewer 2: should add probes be formatted as follows? Not sure if it's a UI item.

    *Add Probes*

Author: So the UI actually says *Add <name of the probe> Probe* which I mention in the example for Readiness probe. Have reworded it like this: Click the required health probe links to add them to the container.

.. Click *Add Readiness Probe*, to see a form containing the parameters for the probe.

> .. Click the *Type* drop-down list to select the type of checks you want to add. For example, in this case, select *Container Command* to select the command that will be executed inside the container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Click the *Type* drop-down list to select the request type you want to add. For example, in this case, select *Container Command* to select the command that will be executed inside the container.
```

.. In the *Command* field, add an argument `cat`, similarly, you can add multiple arguments for the check, for example, add another argument `/tmp/healthy`.
.. Retain or modify the default values for the other parameters as required, and click the check mark at the bottom of the form. The *Readiness Probe Added* message is displayed.
. Click *Add* to add the health check. You are redirected to the *Topology* view and the container is restarted.

> . In the side panel, verify that the probes have been added by clicking on the deployed pod under the *Pods* section.

Reviewer 2: s/pod/Pod
